<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN" "http://www.w3.org/Math/DTD/mathml2/xhtml-math11-f.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="GENERATOR" content="LyX 2.3.4.2" />
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8" />
<title>LyX Document</title>
<link rel='stylesheet' href='docstyle.css' type='text/css' />
</head>
<body dir="auto">
<div class="standard" style='text-align: center;' id='magicparlabel-1'><span style='font-size:xx-large;'>Verfassung für die Bundesrepublik Stutzland</span></div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-6'><div style='height:10cm'></div></div>

<div class="standard" style='text-align: center;' id='magicparlabel-7'>MEINSTADT, den 12 Mai des Jahres Zweitausenddreiunddreißig.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-12'><div style='height:5cm'></div></div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-13'><br />
</div>


<div class='toc'><h2 class='tochead section'>Table of Contents</h2>


<div class='lyxtoc-1'><div class='lyxtoc-2'><a href='#magicparlabel-16' class='tocentry'>1 Definition and Principles of the State of Stutzland</a>


<div class='lyxtoc-3'><a href='#magicparlabel-17' class='tocentry'>1.1 The State of Stutzland</a>
</div>

<div class='lyxtoc-3'><a href='#magicparlabel-30' class='tocentry'>1.2 General Principles</a>
</div>
</div>

<div class='lyxtoc-2'><a href='#magicparlabel-37' class='tocentry'>2 Basic Rights</a>


<div class='lyxtoc-3'><a href='#magicparlabel-38' class='tocentry'>2.1 Common Rights</a>
</div>

<div class='lyxtoc-3'><a href='#magicparlabel-66' class='tocentry'>2.2 Civil Rights</a>
</div>
</div>

<div class='lyxtoc-2'><a href='#magicparlabel-77' class='tocentry'>3 Exceptions to Rights Under State of Emergency</a>


<div class='lyxtoc-3'><a href='#magicparlabel-78' class='tocentry'>3.1 State of Emergency</a>
</div>

<div class='lyxtoc-3'><a href='#magicparlabel-84' class='tocentry'>3.2 Suspendable Rights</a>
</div>
</div>

<div class='lyxtoc-2'><a href='#magicparlabel-89' class='tocentry'>4 The Federation and the States</a>


<div class='lyxtoc-3'><a href='#magicparlabel-90' class='tocentry'>4.1 Distinction of Duties</a>
</div>

<div class='lyxtoc-3'><a href='#magicparlabel-97' class='tocentry'>4.2 The States of Stutzland</a>
</div>
</div>

<div class='lyxtoc-2'><a href='#magicparlabel-109' class='tocentry'>5 The Federal Legislation</a>


<div class='lyxtoc-3'><a href='#magicparlabel-110' class='tocentry'>5.1 The Federal Parliament</a>
</div>

<div class='lyxtoc-3'><a href='#magicparlabel-121' class='tocentry'>5.2 The Federal President</a>
</div>

<div class='lyxtoc-3'><a href='#magicparlabel-127' class='tocentry'>5.3 Parliamentary Elections</a>
</div>

<div class='lyxtoc-3'><a href='#magicparlabel-133' class='tocentry'>5.4 Legislation</a>
</div>
</div>

<div class='lyxtoc-2'><a href='#magicparlabel-142' class='tocentry'>6 The Federal Administration</a>


<div class='lyxtoc-3'><a href='#magicparlabel-143' class='tocentry'>6.1 The Government</a>
</div>

<div class='lyxtoc-3'><a href='#magicparlabel-154' class='tocentry'>6.2 Reichskanzlei</a>
</div>

<div class='lyxtoc-3'><a href='#magicparlabel-163' class='tocentry'>6.3 State Secretaries</a>
</div>
</div>

<div class='lyxtoc-2'><a href='#magicparlabel-169' class='tocentry'>7 The Judiciary</a>


<div class='lyxtoc-3'><a href='#magicparlabel-170' class='tocentry'>7.1 Judiciary Power</a>
</div>

<div class='lyxtoc-3'><a href='#magicparlabel-179' class='tocentry'>7.2 Procurators and the Federal Prosecutor</a>
</div>

<div class='lyxtoc-3'><a href='#magicparlabel-188' class='tocentry'>7.3 State Courts</a>
</div>

<div class='lyxtoc-3'><a href='#magicparlabel-195' class='tocentry'>7.4 The Federal Court</a>
</div>

<div class='lyxtoc-3'><a href='#magicparlabel-202' class='tocentry'>7.5 Reichsgericht</a>
</div>
</div>

<div class='lyxtoc-2'><a href='#magicparlabel-211' class='tocentry'>8 Defence and Security</a>


<div class='lyxtoc-3'><a href='#magicparlabel-212' class='tocentry'>8.1 Reichswehr</a>
</div>

<div class='lyxtoc-3'><a href='#magicparlabel-222' class='tocentry'>8.2 Conscription</a>
</div>

<div class='lyxtoc-3'><a href='#magicparlabel-230' class='tocentry'>8.3 Police</a>
</div>

<div class='lyxtoc-3'><a href='#magicparlabel-239' class='tocentry'>8.4 National Security</a>
</div>

<div class='lyxtoc-3'><a href='#magicparlabel-251' class='tocentry'>8.5 International Security</a>
</div>
</div>

<div class='lyxtoc-2'><a href='#magicparlabel-256' class='tocentry'>9 Federal Finance</a>


<div class='lyxtoc-3'><a href='#magicparlabel-257' class='tocentry'>9.1 Federal Taxation</a>
</div>

<div class='lyxtoc-3'><a href='#magicparlabel-267' class='tocentry'>9.2 Mandatory Expenses of the Federation</a>
</div>

<div class='lyxtoc-3'><a href='#magicparlabel-274' class='tocentry'>9.3 The Annual Budget</a>
</div>

<div class='lyxtoc-3'><a href='#magicparlabel-283' class='tocentry'>9.4 Federal Debt</a>
</div>
</div>

<div class='lyxtoc-2'><a href='#magicparlabel-289' class='tocentry'>10 Federal Monetary Regulation</a>


<div class='lyxtoc-3'><a href='#magicparlabel-290' class='tocentry'>10.1 The Central Bank and the Reichsmark</a>
</div>

<div class='lyxtoc-3'><a href='#magicparlabel-301' class='tocentry'>10.2 Private Banks</a>
</div>
</div>

<div class='lyxtoc-2'><a href='#magicparlabel-309' class='tocentry'>11 Diplomatics and Transfer of Powers</a>


<div class='lyxtoc-3'><a href='#magicparlabel-310' class='tocentry'>11.1 Western Alliance</a>
</div>

<div class='lyxtoc-3'><a href='#magicparlabel-320' class='tocentry'>11.2 Bilateral Relations</a>
</div>

<div class='lyxtoc-3'><a href='#magicparlabel-328' class='tocentry'>11.3 Private Entities</a>
</div>
</div>

<div class='lyxtoc-2'><a href='#magicparlabel-333' class='tocentry'>12 Overseas Pronvices and Their Governance</a>


<div class='lyxtoc-3'><a href='#magicparlabel-334' class='tocentry'>12.1 Reichsprotektorate</a>
</div>

<div class='lyxtoc-3'><a href='#magicparlabel-339' class='tocentry'>12.2 Reichsregionen</a>
</div>

<div class='lyxtoc-3'><a href='#magicparlabel-344' class='tocentry'>12.3 Responsibility of the Federation Over Reichsprotektorate</a>
</div>
</div>

<div class='lyxtoc-2'><a href='#magicparlabel-349' class='tocentry'>13 Constitutional Legislation and Its Implementation</a>


<div class='lyxtoc-3'><a href='#magicparlabel-350' class='tocentry'>13.1 The Old Constitution</a>
</div>

<div class='lyxtoc-3'><a href='#magicparlabel-355' class='tocentry'>13.2 The New Constitution</a>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>


<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-15'><br />
</div>
<h2 class="section" id='magicparlabel-16'><span class="section_label">1</span> Definition and Principles of the State of Stutzland</h2>
<h3 class="subsection" id='magicparlabel-17'><span class="subsection_label">1.1</span> The State of Stutzland</h3>
<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-18'>1 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-19'>The Federal Republic of Stutzland is an independent and sovereign state founded, controlled, and defined by the German people with the right to its territory. Stutzland exists as a German nation to protect its people and to provide <em>Die Heimat</em> to all Germans.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-20'>2 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-21'>The power and authority to govern Stutzland belong to its people, represented by the Parliament, assembled in parliamentary sessions. All other administrative entities and subjects of Stutzland must have the Parliament's confidence.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-22'>3 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-23'>All people born in mainland Stutzland, or people whose both parents are Stutzlandian, shall have citizenship. Beside, all German nationalities with a direct relative in Stutzland are entitled to the right of citizenship.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-24'>Based on an evaluation of the responsible office, the citizenship of Stutzland may otherwise be given to any individual who:</div>

<ol class="enumerate" id='magicparlabel-25'><li class="enumerate_item">has lived at least ten years in mainland Stutzland</li>
<li class="enumerate_item">speaks:

<ol class="enumerate" id='magicparlabel-27'><li class="enumerate_item">German on a confident level</li>
<li class="enumerate_item">any branch of the German family of languages fluently</li>
</ol>
</li><li class="enumerate_item">has not conducted any substantial or specifically harmful criminal activities</li>
</ol>
<h3 class="subsection" id='magicparlabel-30'><span class="subsection_label">1.2</span> General Principles</h3>
<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-31'>4 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-32'>The administration of Stutzland must heed international law in its diplomatic policies. </div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-33'>5 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-34'>Stutzland exists to protect the lives of its people. The State of Stutzland must not conduct activities that pose a threat to the security of its people.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-35'>6 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-36'>Citizens of Stutzland are responsible for the protection of their nation. All citizens above the age of majority must protect their homeland when its sovereignty has been threatened.</div>
<h2 class="section" id='magicparlabel-37'><span class="section_label">2</span> Basic Rights</h2>
<h3 class="subsection" id='magicparlabel-38'><span class="subsection_label">2.1</span> Common Rights</h3>
<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-39'>7 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-40'>All people, regardless of their nationality, must be treated equally under the law regardless of race, gender, color, ethnicity, religion, disability, or other characteristics, without privilege, discrimination or bias. All are equal before the law and are entitled without any discrimination to equal protection of the law. This shall be named as <em>Right to equality</em>.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-41'>8 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-42'>All people, regardless of their nationality, are entitled to the right of <em>Self-determination</em> when under the administration of Stutzland. Self-determination consists of:</div>

<ol class="enumerate" id='magicparlabel-43'><li class="enumerate_item">the right to leave a nation</li>
<li class="enumerate_item">the right to give up a citizenship</li>
</ol>
<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-45'>Although, leaving Stutzland requires that the country of destination accepts the entering individual. To give up the citizenship of Stutzland requires the existence of another citizenship.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-46'>9 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-47'>All people, regardless of their nationality, are entitled to the right of <em>Freedom</em> when under the administration of Stutzland. Freedom consists of:</div>

<ol class="enumerate" id='magicparlabel-48'><li class="enumerate_item">the right to do and go as one will</li>
<li class="enumerate_item">the right to sign, establish, or decline a contract</li>
<li class="enumerate_item">the right to choose a profession or education without interference</li>
<li class="enumerate_item">the right to live where one chooses to</li>
<li class="enumerate_item">the right to own one's own assets</li>
<li class="enumerate_item">the right to have one's own opinion and the freedom of though, expression and conscience</li>
<li class="enumerate_item">the right to self-defence</li>
</ol>
<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-55'>10 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-56'>All people, regardless of their nationality, are entitled to the right of <em>Due process of law</em> when under the administration of Stutzland. Due process of law is application by the state of all legal rules and principles pertaining to a case so all legal rights that are owed to a person are respected.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-57'>11 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-58'>All people, regardless of their nationality, are entitled to <em>Right to privacy</em> when under the administration of Stutzland. Right to privacy consists of:</div>

<ol class="enumerate" id='magicparlabel-59'><li class="enumerate_item">the right to keep one's own:

<ol class="enumerate" id='magicparlabel-60'><li class="enumerate_item">information,</li>
<li class="enumerate_item">location,</li>
<li class="enumerate_item">name,</li>
<li class="enumerate_item">assets,</li>
<li class="enumerate_item">or dignity, as respected or private.</li>
</ol>
</li><li class="enumerate_item">the right to have one's letters and other sent messages, and their correspondence as secret.</li>
</ol>
<h3 class="subsection" id='magicparlabel-66'><span class="subsection_label">2.2</span> Civil Rights</h3>
<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-67'>12 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-68'>All citizens are entitled to the right of <em>Assembly, free religion, and association.</em> Any citizen within the borders of Stutzland may join or leave a group or association, be it religious or not, and to found one without interference. Citizens of Stutzland shall be able to gather and assemble publicly without interference.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-69'>13 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-70'>All citizens are entitled to the right to petition. The administration of Stutzland shall provide means of receiving complaints. The Federal Parliament shall provide means of influencing legislation to all citizens.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-71'>14 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-72'>All citizens above the age of majority shall have the right to vote in federal elections. Citizens as members of the States of Stutzland shall have the right to vote on matters considering the State they have been living in for the most time during the past year.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-73'>15 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-74'>All citizens regardless of age have the right to receive healthcare, and help when they are in danger. Even if a citizen is outside the territory of Stutzland when needing healthcare, they still retain the right.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-75'>16 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-76'>All citizens above the age of majority, who engage in paying taxes from their personal income, are entitled to the right to receive federal pension after living past the working age.</div>
<h2 class="section" id='magicparlabel-77'><span class="section_label">3</span> Exceptions to Rights Under State of Emergency</h2>
<h3 class="subsection" id='magicparlabel-78'><span class="subsection_label">3.1</span> State of Emergency</h3>
<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-79'>17 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-80'>The Parliament may suspend civil rights for a temporary amount of time with a qualified majority of 2/3 cast votes. The time of suspended civil rights may not exceed a month in duration and the Parliament must be informed of all possible civil right denials during the period, which shall be called and proposed as <em>Exceptional Circumstances</em>.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-81'>The <em>State of Emergency</em> can be declared as an extension of Exceptional Circumstances or immediately on its known. The declaration of State of Emergency requires a qualified majority of 3/4 cast votes.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-82'>18 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-83'>Any existing political opposition has the right to have a representative in the Federal Government during the period. This representative has to be able to attend cabinet sessions and classified documents, unless otherwise is decreed in an act in the name of state security.</div>
<h3 class="subsection" id='magicparlabel-84'><span class="subsection_label">3.2</span> Suspendable Rights</h3>
<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-85'>19 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-86'>During a State of Emergency, all common rights except for <em>Due process of law</em> and <em>Right to equality</em> may be suspended, and even then only partially. To suspend all common rights and in their totally, an uncontested support of the Parliament is required. This act must not exceed two months in duration, but may be renewed with a similar uncontested support of the Parliament.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-87'>20 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-88'>All violations of basic rights during a State of Emergency must be reported to a responsible official for evaluation. Reasonable compensation must be provided monetarily or as an asset that can be converted into a currency.</div>
<h2 class="section" id='magicparlabel-89'><span class="section_label">4</span> The Federation and the States</h2>
<h3 class="subsection" id='magicparlabel-90'><span class="subsection_label">4.1</span> Distinction of Duties</h3>
<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-91'>21 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-92'>Stutzland is a federal republic, thus consisting of semi-independent <em>States</em>. These States shall be proclaimed by their own people and confirmed in federal law. Federal authorities are responsible for foreign politics, and nationwide legislation and administration that can be implemented without regional interferences or conflictions. Authorities of the States are responsible for implementations of federal policies.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-93'>22 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-94'>The States shall have the exclusive autonomy to implement federal policies in their own regional context. The States shall also have the right to pass their own decrees, as long as they do not conflict with federal directives or laws. If legislative conflict is noticed, the Federal Parliament shall decide the overruling order.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-95'>23 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-96'>Recognising the diverse needs and regional dynamics within the State of Stutzland, this constitution upholds the principle of state autonomy. The specific mechanisms, powers, and collaborative frameworks related to state representation and autonomy shall be further defined in a separate law, enacted in conjunction with the Federal Parliament and respective State Parliaments. This law shall establish the parameters for the relationship between the federal and state authorities, ensuring a balance between centralised governance and regional autonomy in accordance with constitutional principles.</div>
<h3 class="subsection" id='magicparlabel-97'><span class="subsection_label">4.2</span> The States of Stutzland</h3>
<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-98'>24 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-99'>Stutzland consists of the following States which together form the federation:</div>

<ol class="enumerate" id='magicparlabel-100'><li class="enumerate_item">Brandenburg</li>
<li class="enumerate_item">Hamburg</li>
<li class="enumerate_item">Nordrhein</li>
<li class="enumerate_item">Bergetal</li>
<li class="enumerate_item">Böhmen-Bayern</li>
<li class="enumerate_item">Ostland</li>
<li class="enumerate_item">Ostpreußen</li>
<li class="enumerate_item">Wartheland</li>
</ol>
<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-108'>The States of Stutzland shall be further defined in a separate law, enacted in conjunction with the Federal Parliament and respective State Parliaments.</div>
<h2 class="section" id='magicparlabel-109'><span class="section_label">5</span> The Federal Legislation</h2>
<h3 class="subsection" id='magicparlabel-110'><span class="subsection_label">5.1</span> The Federal Parliament</h3>
<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-111'>25 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-112'>The Federal Parliament represents the Parliament as defined in § 1 and can be referred to simply as <em>the Parliament</em>. All legislative power belong to it and its subsidiaries. The Parliament consists of at least forty, but no more than one hundred members. The amount of members shall be decreed in a law for each term. The Parliament assembles at least once a week, but may have two months in a year as furlough, either together or separately.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-113'>The Federal Parliament makes decisions based on absolute majority.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-114'>26 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-115'>The German people are represented by political parties in the Parliament. Any citizen of Stutzland shall be able to found a party, as long as at least fifty supporting signatures are collected. If a political party fails to secure any parliamentary seats within two years from the time of signature collection or the last elections, the party is required to gather fifty new signatures.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-116'>27 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-117'>The Federal Parliament forms committees from its members to process specific affairs and law proposals.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-118'>Members of the Federal Government, and the Federal President may not participate in committees. All seats in committees shall be shared between political parties in relation to their total parliamentary seats. The allocation of committee chairmanships is distinct from committee memberships. The largest party is entitled to choose the first chairmanship, followed in sequence by the second-largest party and subsequent parties.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-119'>28 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-120'>Members of the Federal Parliament are entitled to a compensation that shall not exceed the compensation granted to the Federal President. Additionally, members of the Parliament may utilize taxi, flight, or public transportation services at the expense of the federation, provided that the incurred expenses are appropriately documented. For reimbursement by the federation, these bills must not be older than one year. Compensations and benefits shall be be further defined in a separate law.</div>
<h3 class="subsection" id='magicparlabel-121'><span class="subsection_label">5.2</span> The Federal President</h3>
<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-122'>29 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-123'><em>The Federal President</em>, elected from among the members of parliament, coordinates and manages all activities and actions of the parliament and acts as its chairman. The President holds his or her position throughout the entire parliamentary term, unless re-elected due to a vote of no confidence. The Federal President has the right to attend government sessions.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-124'>The President is responsible for suggesting yearly timetables for parliamentary adherence, having consulted the existing government regarding their proposed schedule for the term. The President shall issue statement turns during parliamentary sessions based on enrollment order. Government members are to be afforded opportunities to respond to others' statements but shall not be granted independent turns.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-125'>30 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-126'>The Federal President is eligible for fair compensation for their services from the federal state. Additionally, the President is entitled to a designated chauffeur, a car benefit, and an official residence, all provided and owned by the federal state on a tax-free basis. These privileges are applicable solely during the president's tenure in office. Compensations and benefits shall be be further defined in a separate law.</div>
<h3 class="subsection" id='magicparlabel-127'><span class="subsection_label">5.3</span> Parliamentary Elections</h3>
<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-128'>31 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-129'>The members of the Federal Parliament are elected for one term at a time. One term shall last two years. All citizens of Stutzland above the age of majority form the electorate. Voting must be open for at least one full day of 24 hours, but no more than seven days.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-130'>Any citizen of Stutzland must have the chance to become a candidate in parliamentary elections. There shall be no restrictions on who can become a candidate. After being elected, candidates must either join an existing party or establish a legitimate party within six months. If a member of parliament fails to do so, they will forfeit their seat to the candidate with the next highest number of votes.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-131'>32 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-132'>Parliamentary elections must be held within a month after the last term has expired. Parliamentary elections can be held prematurely, if the government fails to have the parliament's confidence. In that case, the elections must be held within two weeks after the government has been dissolved.</div>
<h3 class="subsection" id='magicparlabel-133'><span class="subsection_label">5.4</span> Legislation</h3>
<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-134'>33 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-135'>All authority and administration in Stutzland must be based on laws passed by the Federal Parliament. Laws can be proposed by the Federal Government, a single member of the Federal Parliament, State Parliaments, or by the people of Stutzland through an official <em>legal initiative</em>. A legal initiative requires at least five hundred signatures from citizens that are allowed to vote. All laws must follow the constitution and in case of a conflict, the constitutional point of view shall be followed.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-136'>34 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-137'>A legitimate law proposal must be approved by the Federal Parliament. The Parliament shall then process the proposal in an appropriate committee. The committee shall submit a report to a general session of the Parliament, in which the committee must present the proposal in the form of a conventional law. The Parliament shall then decide, if the report can be processed further.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-138'>If the Federal Parliament decides to approve the initial report from the select committee, the report shall be reviewed by another committee to comply with the existing constitution and jurisdiction. The commitee shall submit a final report to a general session of the Parliament, in which the Commitee must present the final law. The Parliament shall vote on the final law.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-139'>The Federal Government can delay the execution of any new law for one year at most.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-140'>35 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-141'>The Federal Parliament makes decisions based on absolute majority. All laws must be approved by the Federal Parliament. Directives that do not originate from existing laws must also be approved by the Parliament.</div>
<h2 class="section" id='magicparlabel-142'><span class="section_label">6</span> The Federal Administration</h2>
<h3 class="subsection" id='magicparlabel-143'><span class="subsection_label">6.1</span> The Government</h3>
<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-144'>36 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-145'><em>The Federal Government</em> of Stutzland wields executive power. A cabinet of ministers and the <em>Reichskanzler</em> are elected and authorised by the Federal Parliament to fill the office of the Federal Government, which must enjoy the Parliament's confidence at all times.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-146'>37 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-147'>The Government has the exclusive right to issue <em>directives</em> that are binding to all authorities except for the Federal Parliament. Directives can be issued by the incumbent cabinet as whole, or by individual ministries, and the Reichskanzler.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-148'>Directives can be derived from existing legislation in a juridic sense, or from explicit statements in laws. Directives must be in line with existing legislation and they must be approved by the Federal Parliament, if any State Parliament officially complains of them.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-149'>38 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-150'>The Federal Government shall be provided designated premises to work and assemble at. All members of the incumbent cabinet are entitled to free transportation, digital and office accessories and a reasonable compensation for their work, provided by the federation. Compensations and benefits shall be be further defined in a separate law.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-151'>39 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-152'>A cabinet must consist of at least four but no more than fourteen ministers, excluding the Reichskanzler. The Federal Government consists of ministries that the corresponding ministers are supervisors of. If two or more ministers are assigned to a single ministry, the Reichskanzler shall decide the hierarchy.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-153'>Besides Reichskanzlei, there shall be three permanent ministries, the <em>Ministry of Finances, Ministry of Security</em> and <em>Ministry of Foreign Affairs</em>. They shall be supervised by corresponding ministers further defined in a separate law.</div>
<h3 class="subsection" id='magicparlabel-154'><span class="subsection_label">6.2</span> Reichskanzlei</h3>
<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-155'>40 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-156'>The <em>Reichskanzlei</em> is a permanent superior office of the Federal Government. Reichskanzler, elected by the Parliament, is the chairman of the incumbent cabinet and the supervisor of both the Reichskanzlei and the Government. Reichskanzler shall also be named as the Head of State of Stutzland.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-157'>Reichskanzlei shall be provided with designated premises to work and assemble at. Reichskanzler is entitled to a reasonable compensation equal to that of the Federal President's. Reichskanzler is also entitled to a tax-free chauffeur and car benefit, besides an official residence free of charge. Compensations and benefits shall be be further defined in a separate law.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-158'>41 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-159'>Directives issued by the Reichskanzlei are to be considered superior to other ministries' directives. Directives issued by the Reichskanzlei are also to be considered representing the Government as whole.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-160'>The Reichskanzlei is responsible for suggesting yearly timetables for governmental adherence, having consulted other ministries regarding their proposed schedule for the term.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-161'>42 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-162'>If the Reichskanzler loses the confidence of the Federal Parliament, they must resign from the position. However, the Reichskanzler has the option to continue in office temporarily as the <em>Ministerkanzler</em>, leading a caretaker government. During this period, any directives issued by the caretaker government require approval from the Federal Parliament.</div>
<h3 class="subsection" id='magicparlabel-163'><span class="subsection_label">6.3</span> State Secretaries</h3>
<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-164'>43 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-165'>To advance government policies, <em>State Secretaries</em> may be appointed and assigned to ministries by the incumbent cabinet. State Secretaries are to be considered members of the Federal Government. The amount of offices of State Secretaries must not exceed double the amount of ministers.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-166'>All State Secretaries are entitled to the right to attend government meetings. Only State Secretaries assigned to Reichskanzlei may attend cabinet meetings, when separate from government meetings.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-167'>44 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-168'>All State Secretaries are entitled to a compensation provided by the federation. This compensation shall not exceed the compensation granted to an elected member of the Parliament. State Secretaries assigned to Reichskanzlei may utilize taxi, flight, or public transportation services at the expense of the federation, provided that the incurred expenses are appropriately documented. For reimbursement by the federation, these bills must not be older than one year. Compensations and benefits shall be be further defined in a separate law.</div>
<h2 class="section" id='magicparlabel-169'><span class="section_label">7</span> The Judiciary</h2>
<h3 class="subsection" id='magicparlabel-170'><span class="subsection_label">7.1</span> Judiciary Power</h3>
<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-171'>45 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-172'>The exercise of judiciary power is exclusively reserved for the judiciary branch. Neither the Federal Government, Parliament, nor any other executive or legislative body may utilize judiciary power, including the imposition of sanctions for law violations. Judiciary power must remain separate and independent, with all sanctions stemming from legislated reasons.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-173'>46 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-174'>The initiation of an investigation, prosecution, or judgment is vested solely in professional experts of the law. The entity conducting an investigation may not be the same as the one responsible for prosecution. To ensure impartiality at the federal level, independent federal prosecutors are entrusted with advancing investigations reported by federal investigative offices. At the State level, State Procurators are empowered to initiate investigations and prosecute the suspects in question.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-175'>47 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-176'>Access to the education required for individuals to act as professional legal experts must be accessible to all citizens. The authority to judge or prosecute arises from the collective will of the people and is to be revered accordingly.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-177'>48 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-178'>A comprehensive criminal law shall be enacted to delineate a register of criminal offenses for which prosecution and judgment are permissible. Additionally, it shall define general criminal proceedings to address other instances of offenses and breaches of the law. No official judgment or sanction lacking a foundation in the law may be issued.</div>
<h3 class="subsection" id='magicparlabel-179'><span class="subsection_label">7.2</span> Procurators and the Federal Prosecutor</h3>
<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-180'>49 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-181'>The <em>Federal Prosecutor</em>, comprising both an office and an appointed official, is tasked with prosecuting individuals suspected of federal crimes. The impetus for prosecution must originate from either federal investigations or an appeal from a State Court.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-182'>The Federal Prosecutor is nominated by the Federal President and serves a term of four years. Consecutive terms are permissible, limited to two at most.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-183'>50 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-184'>The <em>State Procurator</em>, encompassing both an office and an appointed official, operates independently in each State. They possess the authority to initiate investigations and prosecute individuals for crimes and other offenses. Procurators may either commence and conduct an investigation independently or issue a prosecution based on a police-conducted investigation.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-185'>State Procurators are nominated by the Federal President and must have resided in the respective State for at least two years at the time of nomination. They are also required to maintain residence in their responsible State throughout their tenure. State Procurators may hold their office for four years, with consecutive terms limited to two at most.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-186'>51 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-187'>The <em>Federal Procurator</em> is an official nominated by the Federal President, tasked explicitly with conducting investigations and prosecutions in cases deemed crucial to the security of the Federal State. The Procurator may initiate investigations and prosecutions only with classified permission from the Federal Parliament.</div>
<h3 class="subsection" id='magicparlabel-188'><span class="subsection_label">7.3</span> State Courts</h3>
<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-189'>52 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-190'>Within each state, a dedicated <em>State Court</em> is responsible for hearing and adjudicating cases arising within its jurisdiction. These State Courts operate independently of each other.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-191'>Jurisdictionally, State Courts handle cases specific to their respective states. Judges of State Courts are appointed by the respective State Parliaments and hold their positions for defined terms, ensuring regular assessments of performance. Upon completion of a term, judges may be reappointed based on their record of service.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-192'>53 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-193'>Clear and standardized procedures for trials and legal proceedings shall be established, with additional procedural laws allowed by the constitution to govern court processes.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-194'>A comprehensive system of appeals and review shall be established to ensure the fair examination of legal issues.</div>
<h3 class="subsection" id='magicparlabel-195'><span class="subsection_label">7.4</span> The Federal Court</h3>
<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-196'>54 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-197'>The <em>Federal Court</em> is the sole federal-level court responsible for processing cases originating within each state. It serves as the first level of appeal for State Courts.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-198'>The appointment of federal judges follows a merit-based process, with nominees selected by the Federal President and confirmed by the Federal Parliament.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-199'>Judges hold their positions for defined terms, ensuring regular assessments of performance. Upon completion of a term, judges may be reappointed based on their record of service.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-200'>55 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-201'>Judicial independence is a fundamental principle to guarantee impartial administration of justice. Judges, at both state and federal levels, must possess the necessary legal qualifications and expertise.</div>
<h3 class="subsection" id='magicparlabel-202'><span class="subsection_label">7.5</span> Reichsgericht</h3>
<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-203'>56 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-204'>The <em>Reichsgericht</em>, functioning as the Supreme Court, is positioned at the apex of the federal judicial system. It processes appeals from the Federal Court and deals with prosecutions involving federal officials, such as members of the government or the parliament.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-205'>The Reichsgericht ensures a unified judicial structure for the entire nation, handling appeals and prosecutions at the federal level.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-206'>57 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-207'>Judges of the Reichsgericht are appointed based on merit, nominated by the Federal President, and confirmed by the Federal Parliament.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-208'>Judges hold their positions for defined terms, ensuring regular assessments of performance. Upon completion of a term, judges may be reappointed based on their record of service.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-209'>58 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-210'>A comprehensive system of appeals and review shall be established to ensure the fair examination of legal issues. The Reichsgericht may serve as the court of last resort for matters that require final adjudication.</div>
<h2 class="section" id='magicparlabel-211'><span class="section_label">8</span> Defence and Security</h2>
<h3 class="subsection" id='magicparlabel-212'><span class="subsection_label">8.1</span> Reichswehr</h3>
<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-213'>59 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-214'>The Federal Republic of Stutzland is protected by its armed forces, the <em>Reichswehr</em>, which operates directly under the authority of the Federal Government. The deployment of Reichswehr into military action thay may result in human casualties shall require the approval of the Federal Parliament.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-215'>Reichswehr may use executive power within its own organisation, as an extension of the executive power held by the Federal Government. Reichswehr may independently administrate regions that it occupies or controls, as long as the administration follows the federal law of Stutzland and is approved by the Federal Government.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-216'>60 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-217'>Reichswehr consists of two regional branches, the <em>Heimwehr</em> and <em>Auslandswehr</em>. Heimwehr operates in regions not considered part of overseas territories, unless otherwise decreed. Auslandswehr operates explicitly in overseas territories.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-218'>Heimwehr consists further of three branches: the <em>Landswehr, Marinenmacht</em> and <em>Luftwaffe</em>. Landswehr is responsible for the armed forces deployed on land, Marinenmacht is responsible for the armed forces operating on seas, and Luftwaffe is responsible for the armed forces operating in the airspace. Landswehr can be further referred to as <em>the Army</em>, Marinenmacht as <em>the Navy</em>, and Luftwaffe as <em>the Airforces</em>.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-219'>61 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-220'>The leaders of the Reichswehr, Heimwehr, Auslandswehr, Landswehr, Marinenmacht, and Luftwaffe collectively form the apex of the military command, known as the <em>High Command</em>. Within this hierarchy, the commanders of the Reichswehr, Heimwehr, and Auslandswehr hold dual roles as members of the Federal Government. The commander of the Reichswehr is accorded a status equivalent to that of a minister, while the commanders of the Heimwehr and Auslandswehr are recognized as equivalent to State Secretaries.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-221'>To further delineate the responsibilities and authority of the Reichswehr, a distinct and comprehensive legal framework shall be established. This separate law should provide the essential powers and rights for the Reichswehr to fulfill its distinctive and executive purpose in safeguarding Stutzland's security and interests.</div>
<h3 class="subsection" id='magicparlabel-222'><span class="subsection_label">8.2</span> Conscription</h3>
<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-223'>62 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-224'>All men above the age of majority have the duty and responsibility to join the Reichswehr when mandated by the Federal State. Refusing to join the armed forces when compelled shall be decreed criminal and must result in sanctions.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-225'>63 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-226'>Exceptions to the mandatory conscription may be made for reasons relating to health and safety. Reichswehr is responsible for arranging any instance of conscription.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-227'>A conscript shall have at least one month of time to arrange his civil life. After this period of time has passed, he must enlist to the nearest military office. Conscripts must be informed beforehand of their stationing and role.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-228'>64 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-229'>Male dual citizens above the age of majority, living permanently in Stutzland, are to be considered equivalent to single citizenship conscripts.</div>
<h3 class="subsection" id='magicparlabel-230'><span class="subsection_label">8.3</span> Police</h3>
<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-231'>65 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-232'><em>Federal police</em> is the organisation and authority that ensures public order and security. Criminal investigation of federal crimes shall be carried out by the federal police, as well as imprisonment and detention. The federal police may use executive power as an extension of the power used by the Federal Government, for which the federal police is also responsible to.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-233'>The federal police is commanded by <em>Chief Federal Inspector</em>, appointed by the Federal President. The Inspector must have prior experience in the police and good knowledge of law.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-234'>66 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-235'>Federal police officers must be trained in use of force and knowledge of law. All actions of the federal police must have a foundation in law. A comprehensive police law shall be enacted further to define the organisation and actions of the federal police.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-236'>67 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-237'><em>State police</em> is the organisation and authority that ensures public order and security regionally. Each State shall have their own police force, all of which are subordinate to the federal police. Each State Parliament shall appoint <em>Chief State Inspector</em> to command their police forces.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-238'>State police shall be regulated under the same law as the federal police.</div>
<h3 class="subsection" id='magicparlabel-239'><span class="subsection_label">8.4</span> National Security</h3>
<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-240'>68 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-241'><em>Bundesamt für Sicherheit und Einsatzdienste</em>, abbreviated as <em>BASED</em>, is the apex security organisation and authority, primarily responsible for national security. BASED shall be directly under the control of the Federal Government.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-242'>BASED is authorised to conduct operations withheld from the public, but not from the cabinet of the Federal Government. BASED may conduct operations intended to gather intelligence and to supervise national or international targets deemed important to be followed for national security reasons.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-243'>BASED is commanded by <em>Secretary of Intelligence</em>, who shall be a member of the Government. All officials of BASED must have prior staff experience in either the military or the federal police.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-244'>69 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-245'>Information processed by any administrative body must be properly classified. There shall be three levels of classification: <em>top secret, secret</em> and <em>confidential</em>. Any classified information may be accessed only when necessary, on a <em>need-to-know</em> basis.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-246'>Confidential information can be accessed by all authorities when dealing with persons or entities related to that information. Confidential information may not be publicly available without a permission from the authority that created or first reported the information, unless otherwise restricted to be accessible to authorities only.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-247'>Secret information can be accessed by members of the Federal Government and the Federal Parliament. A <em>security clearance</em> issued by BASED shall be required to obtain secret information for extended use, rather than just viewing. Reichskanzler, ministers, and the top officials of BASED are automatically entitled to a security clearance.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-248'>Top secret information can be accessed by the members of the cabinet within the Federal Government, the Federal President and the top officials of BASED. A security clearance issued by BASED shall be required to even view top secret information. The Federal President and select members of the Government, including the commander of Reichswehr, are eligible for a security clearance, if deemed essential by BASED or the cabinet.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-249'>70 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-250'>A comprehensive intelligence law shall be enacted further to define the organisation and actions of BASED, and the handling of classified information.</div>
<h3 class="subsection" id='magicparlabel-251'><span class="subsection_label">8.5</span> International Security</h3>
<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-252'>71 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-253'>As part of the Western Alliance, it is essential that Stutzland shares classified information with its allies internationally. Top secret information may be shared to extranational authorities only in case of corresponding levels of classification and security clearances.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-254'>72 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-255'>Stutzland may use military force against other nations, if it is deemed essential to the national security of the Federal Republic, or essential for keeping a peaceful diplomatic state of relations in a region, or essential to protect the most definitive principles of the constitution.</div>
<h2 class="section" id='magicparlabel-256'><span class="section_label">9</span> Federal Finance</h2>
<h3 class="subsection" id='magicparlabel-257'><span class="subsection_label">9.1</span> Federal Taxation</h3>
<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-258'>73 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-259'>The Federal Government of Stutzland has the exclusive right to issue taxes that bind all private entities residing within the national economic region of Stutzland. Taxes shall be collected by the <em>Treasury of Federal Revenue</em>, abbreviated as TEFER or the <em>Treasury</em>, which shall be given the necessary executive rights to keep record of all taxable subjects.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-260'>To collect taxes, a <em>Federal Income Register</em> shall be established. Any income or revenue earned by taxable subjects, including legal and natural persons, must be reported to the register, which shall be directly managed by the Ministry of Finances.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-261'>74 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-262'>The Federal State may only collect taxes described in law. Collection of taxes may be authorised with directives, as long as the directives directly reference the law in which the collectable tax is described.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-263'>All taxable subjects must be offered a chance to appeal decisions made of their taxation. Appeals shall be processed according to conventional judiciary processes.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-264'>75 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-265'>International legal and natural persons become taxable subjects in Stutzland, if they generate revenue or income within the national economic region of Stutzland.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-266'>Taxing officials of the Western Alliance are eligible to gain access to the Federal Income Register, if there are common taxable subjects between them and TEFER.</div>
<h3 class="subsection" id='magicparlabel-267'><span class="subsection_label">9.2</span> Mandatory Expenses of the Federation</h3>
<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-268'>76 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-269'>According to the civil rights of this constitution, all citizens of Stutzland are entitled to receive healthcare and federal pensions under their specific conditions mentioned in the rights and in separate laws further defining healthcare and the pension system. Organising fundamental healthcare and providing federal pensions as regulated shall be mandatory expenses that shall be financed annually.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-270'>77 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-271'>Organising the administration, legislation and jurisdiction of the Federal State requires financing that shall be mandatory for the federation to arrange annually.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-272'>78 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-273'>Enforcing the sovereignty of Stutzland is materialised in the use and establishment of Reichswehr, which requires financing that shall be mandatory for the federation to arrange annually.</div>
<h3 class="subsection" id='magicparlabel-274'><span class="subsection_label">9.3</span> The Annual Budget</h3>
<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-275'>79 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-276'>Revenue generated by the Federal State shall be used to finance all mandatory expenses mentioned in this constitution. The intended expenditure consists of all mandatory expenses and additional expenses proposed by the Federal Government. The expected revenue consists of predicted tax income and other types of income earned by the Federal Government.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-277'>The intended expenditure and the expected revenue together shall be presented to the Federal Parliament annually, at least two months before the end of year, but no earlier than six months after the beginning of the year. The final proposal of balancing the finances of the federation shall be transcribed into a <em>national annual budget.</em></div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-278'>A national annual budget will come into force on the first day of its designated year, and it shall expire at the end of year. Besides the national annual budget, unbinding plans for financial policies can be made by the Government to cover several years. These plans do not have to expire according to any national annual budget.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-279'>80 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-280'>The national annual budget is comparable to a conventional federal law and shall be treated as such. Thus, the Federal Parliament has the exclusive right to approve of or reject the budget. If no other budget can be approved of, the original proposed budget shall come into force, excluding for expenses not described as mandatory.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-281'>81 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-282'>A supplementary budget can be proposed by the Federal Government. It can be used to either supplement or completely replace the original annual budget. A supplementary budget shall be processed as if it was a regular annual budget, and it shall expire at the end of year, even if it was introduced in the middle of the year.</div>
<h3 class="subsection" id='magicparlabel-283'><span class="subsection_label">9.4</span> Federal Debt</h3>
<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-284'>82 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-285'>In case of not achieving a balanced national annual budget, the Federal Government can propose borrowing funds from monetary markets. In case of having to issue substantial amount of debt, the Federal Parliament may appoint a <em>federal debt manager</em>.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-286'>Debt may be issued only from private banks. Borrowing funds from a national state-owned bank shall be explicitly forbidden and such debts must be considered illegitimate.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-287'>83 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-288'>The authority to issue long-term debt obligations, with repayment dates set at a minimum of two years from the date of issuance, is vested in the Ministry of Finances. Conversely, shorter-term promissory notes, including treasury bills, may be issued by the Reichskanzlei, provided that the repayment period does not extend beyond one year from the date of issuance.</div>
<h2 class="section" id='magicparlabel-289'><span class="section_label">10</span> Federal Monetary Regulation</h2>
<h3 class="subsection" id='magicparlabel-290'><span class="subsection_label">10.1</span> The Central Bank and the Reichsmark</h3>
<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-291'>84 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-292'>The exclusive and recognized currency within the economic region of the Federal State is the <em>Reichsmark</em>, denoted as <em>RM</em> or <em>rm</em>. This currency is valid in both physical forms, such as official banknotes and coins, and in virtual numeric assets.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-293'>Counterfeiting Reichsmarks shall be deemed a federal crime, subject to legal consequences. The issuance of new currency and the establishment of distinctive currency traits are entrusted solely to the central bank.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-294'>85 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-295'><em>Reichsbank</em>, serving as the central bank of Stutzland, is mandated with ensuring both price and financial stability within the nation. It holds the exclusive authority to control and regulate the Reichsmark, devoid of interference from the Federal Government, which is limited to providing the bank with capital. The Federal President appoints a <em>Reichsbankier</em>, who serves a single five-year term, to oversee the bank's operations. The Ministry of Finances maintains a representative within the bank to facilitate seamless coordination of economic policies.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-296'>86 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-297'>Reichsbank wields the exclusive and independent authority to control interest rates through a designated key interest rate. Additionally, the bank may regulate monetary markets as a whole by imposing reserve requirements, within the bounds of existing legislation.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-298'>The oversight and regulation of foreign exchange, along with associated reserves, fall under the purview of Reichsbank. Notably, the bank is prohibited from deriving profit through the exchange of foreign currency and the provision of related services to private banks.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-299'>87 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-300'>Reichsbank and Reichsmark shall be further defined in a separate law.</div>
<h3 class="subsection" id='magicparlabel-301'><span class="subsection_label">10.2</span> Private Banks</h3>
<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-302'>88 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-303'>To found a private bank, one million Reichsmarks shall be required as debtless liquid capital. All private banks must be licensed and legally recognised. A private bank may only be founded through a permissive directive from the Ministry of Finances.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-304'>89 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-305'>The Federal State shall provide insurance covering a minimum of one million Reichsmarks for deposits in the event of a private bank facing asset insufficiency. Banks are obligated to furnish their own deposit insurance policies, ensuring a minimum coverage of one million Reichsmarks.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-306'>Consumers are entitled to have a minimum of ten thousand Reichsmarks insured and safeguarded by the Federal State in instances where a bank cannot fulfill deposit obligations. In such circumstances, these assets shall be disbursed as a debt if the bank is unable to repay the Federal State within a one-year period.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-307'>90 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-308'>Private banks shall fall under the scrutiny of Reichsbank. Cartels, monopolies and oligopolies shall be explicitly forbbiden and deemed as punishable federal crimes. They shall be further regulated in a separate law.</div>
<h2 class="section" id='magicparlabel-309'><span class="section_label">11</span> Diplomatics and Transfer of Powers</h2>
<h3 class="subsection" id='magicparlabel-310'><span class="subsection_label">11.1</span> Western Alliance</h3>
<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-311'>91 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-312'>Beginning from 20th of June 2074, Stutzland is part of the Western Alliance. The <em>charter</em> of the Alliance has been signed and it is binding for Stutzland. Thus, all legislation and executive power must conform to standars of the Alliance.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-313'>Stutzland has joined the Western Alliance to secure its own sovereignty from possible foreign threats. This principle is the key motive of joining the Alliance. The membership becomes nullified as soon as this motive ceases to exist.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-314'>92 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-315'>The Stutzlandian representatives in the Assembly of Policies, as defined in the charter, shall be elected in the same manner and with the same conditions as members of the Federal Parliament. These elections to the Assembly of Policies are to be held every second year.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-316'>93 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-317'>Reichskanzler and the minister supervising the Ministry of Foreign Affairs shall be the representatives in the Executive Cabinet of the Alliance, as defined in the charter.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-318'>94 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-319'>The commanders of Reichswehr, Heimwehr, and Auslandswehr shall be the representatives in the Military Council of the Alliance, as defined in the charter.</div>
<h3 class="subsection" id='magicparlabel-320'><span class="subsection_label">11.2</span> Bilateral Relations</h3>
<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-321'>95 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-322'>The Federal Government may establish bilateral relations between Stutzland and other nations in the form of agreements such as <em>treaties</em> and <em>trade deals</em>, as long as they are ratified by the other nation as well as the Federal Parliament.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-323'>Treaties and trade deals signed by the Federal Government must be in accordance to the existing federal legislation. If not, then the agreement in question becomes immediately nullified.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-324'>96 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-325'>Bilateral relations between Stutzland and other nations must not be in conflict with the policies of the Western Alliance. International agreements made outside the Western Alliance, with Stutzland as one of the primary parties, are to be considered illicit and immediately nullified.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-326'>97 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-327'>The Federal Government of Stutzland may not sign any agreements that pose a threat to the sovereignty of Stutzland, except for agreements made with or for the Western Alliance. These agreements that are made with the Alliance in mind can be considered legal and binding if they serve the sovereignty of Stutzland in the long term.</div>
<h3 class="subsection" id='magicparlabel-328'><span class="subsection_label">11.3</span> Private Entities</h3>
<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-329'>98 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-330'>Public authority may not be used by any private entity, such as a company or a corresponding legal person. Administrative duties may be transferred only to other public authorities, and even then only in accordance to the existing legislation.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-331'>99 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-332'>Private entities excercising public authority, when specifically forbidden, shall be tried for conducting a punishable federal crime as described in the criminal law.</div>
<h2 class="section" id='magicparlabel-333'><span class="section_label">12</span> Overseas Pronvices and Their Governance</h2>
<h3 class="subsection" id='magicparlabel-334'><span class="subsection_label">12.1</span> Reichsprotektorate</h3>
<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-335'>100 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-336'>Besides States, the Federal State may also govern other regions. <em>Reichsprotektorate</em> are overseas regions that require the federal protection of Stutzland due to cultural and economic reasons, and which have been granted this protection by the Federal parliament.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-337'>101 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-338'>The Federal State may not restrict the sovereignty of Reichsprotektorate beyond what is considered reasonable by the Federal Parliament. A law shall be crafted for each Reichsprotektorat to define their independency, administration, and rights.</div>
<h3 class="subsection" id='magicparlabel-339'><span class="subsection_label">12.2</span> Reichsregionen</h3>
<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-340'>102 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-341'><em>Reichsregionen</em> are regions under the control and administration of the Federal State, that can not be recognised as States or Reichsprotektorate. Reichsregionen are administrated by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs or Reichswehr, in accordance to the existing legislation.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-342'>103 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-343'>The Federal State may not restrict the sovereignty of Reichsregionen beyond waht is considered reasonable by the Federal Parliament. A law shall be crafted for each Reichsregion to define their borders and administration.</div>
<h3 class="subsection" id='magicparlabel-344'><span class="subsection_label">12.3</span> Responsibility of the Federation Over Reichsprotektorate</h3>
<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-345'>104 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-346'>As an exception to §§ of Chapter 2 in this constitution, the State of Emergency may be declared in a Reichsprotektorat with the support from an absolute majority of the Federal Parliament. Under such decision, the executive rights of the Federal Government may be transferred to Auslandswehr with the unilateral declaration from the incumbent cabinet.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-347'>105 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-348'>Auslandswehr is responsible for the execution and implementation of federal law in Reichsprotektorate during a State of Emergency. During normal conditions, this responsibility resides by the Federal Government.</div>
<h2 class="section" id='magicparlabel-349'><span class="section_label">13</span> Constitutional Legislation and Its Implementation</h2>
<h3 class="subsection" id='magicparlabel-350'><span class="subsection_label">13.1</span> The Old Constitution</h3>
<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-351'>106 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-352'>The old constitution, which was used starting from the year 2002, shall become nullified when this new constitution is ratified.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-353'>107 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-354'>Laws based on the old constitution continue to be part of the existing legislation, except for the parts that are explicitly conflicting with the new constitution.</div>
<h3 class="subsection" id='magicparlabel-355'><span class="subsection_label">13.2</span> The New Constitution</h3>
<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-356'>108 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-357'>The new consitution equals this particular constitution and comes into force immediately after being approved by the Federal Parliament and signed by the Federal President.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-358'>109 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-359'>The Federal Parliament shall begin legislating all the laws that ordered to be decreed by this constitution, as soon as the existing schedule allows. The Federal President must take care of the legislative process finishing in a reasonably expected timeframe.</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-360'>110 §</div>

<div class="standard" id='magicparlabel-361'>This constitution can only be changed with a qualified majority of 3/4 votes from the Federal Parliament. The initiative to change this constitution must stem from a proposal introduced by the Federal Government or a State Parliament.</div>
</body>
</html>
